## DATE:2018/12/11
## Modify Project
### Project Desciption
Use job sql statement to create more useful sql statement.
### Modify Method
1. Observing the sql statement we have. We can make a simple conclusion:
   1. sql statement are all SELECT statement with 3 parts: SELECT ... AS ...; FROM ... AS ... ; WHERE condition AND ...
   2. all the FROM map has the same form and the same map relation
2. We can random make a sample of all the where conditions. Then we will use the where condtions to generate the FROM part and the SELECT part.
### Difficulties
1. How to correctly divide the where condition is not easy.
2. You should make a simple remove number operation to make the FROM map.
3. Some sql statement will cost too much time.
4. Some sql statement may be syntax error.

## DATE:2018/12/12
## Test
### Problem
How to solve the unlimited time cost when excuting one statement.

### Solution
1. Use the configuration in postgres. Limit the maximum statement time cost. It will automatically throw an timeout error when the excuting one statement with too much time.
2. The configuration is /etc/postgresql/<version>/main/postgresql.conf and change the following one:
- statement_timeout = <need>s
3. You must restart you postgresql service or nothing will happen even you have change your configuration. 

### Problem
How to keep the program running when something like an exception occurs?

### Solution
1. You should perdict the problem you may meet. Like the syntax error in the sql statement you create or the too much time cost. When these exception happens, just use the try ... catch ... module to keep the porgram continue to work.

## DATE:2018/12/13

### Project Description
Modify the code to make it run in the correct and maybe lucky enough in the effective way.

### Main Probelm
1. The interface of class Database is not good enough. We can reconstruct the time when we should connect and disconnet the database connection. Since two connections alive at the same time may cause some problem.
2. No exception handling. We should not assumpt that all the sql statement can run in the right way. So when somthing not right happen, we should make the program detect it and handle it or just ignore it.
3. The file append or write BUG. I don't understand why there will have many bugs in file operation.
4. The test function is not construct in a delegate way.

 